# Gateway

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gatewaycash/gateway.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/gatewaycash/gateway)

Simple Bitcoin Payments

## Overview

Gateway is a payment processor enabling merchants to easily accept
Bitcoin Cash on their sites without the need for hassle or technical
know-how. Check out the [Gateway Project Charter](CHARTER.md)
for our roadmap, use-cases and a lot more info.

## Development

If there is a feature or issue you'd like resolved, please open
an issue for it so that it gets worked on. We'll categorize it and
get it worked on as soon as we can. If you'd like to work on
something, please assign the appropriate issue to yourself
beforehand.

Please feel free to submit pull requests after an issue has been
opened and a discussion has occurred.

## Questions and Concerns

Feel free to send email to <hello@gateway.cash> with any ideas,
questions or feedback. If you'd like to become a contributor, join
the [ambassador.cash Discord server](http://ambassador.cash) and talk
to us in the #gatewaycash channel.

## Weekly Community & Development Meetings

There are also weekly community meetings to discuss development,
ideas and tech every Saturday at 9AM PST (17:00 UTC) in the voice
channel. All parties are welcome.

## Donations

Gateway is accepting donations to fund development, accelerate
adoption and pay bounties to developers who work on certain tasks.
Donations are made and bounties are paid in Bitcoin Cash.

Our donation and bounty payout address is a secure two-of-three
multisignature address controlled by prominent contributors to the
project.

```
bitcoincash:pz3txlyql9vc08px98v69a7700g6aecj5gc0q3xhng
```

## License

This project is licensed under the terms of the AGPL 3.0 license; it
shall from this point forward eternally remain free and open-source
software. Any derivatives of this code must be made public in
accordance with AGPL 3.0. Please see
[here](https://opensource.org/licenses/AGPL-3.0) for details.
